DOCS-10337 cookies (Apr 15) (#132)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/portal-vanity-domain.adoc

If set up correctly, you can access and navigate to `+https://developers.robocop.com/path/of/justice/+` exactly as if you were at `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/robo-cop/+`.

== Configure Cookie Consent Management for Your Domain

> Exchange public portals that do not use vanity domains can use the xref:cookies.adoc[cookie consent manager] provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange public portals that do not use vanity domains can use the xref:cookies.adoc[cookie consent manager] that is provided.
```
OR 
```suggestion
Exchange public portals that do not use vanity domains can use the provided xref:cookies.adoc[cookie consent manager].
```

I'm not sure what is provided? The consent manager? Or cookies?

Author: The consent manager is provided. Reworded to clarify.

After your vanity domain is configured and your site is working, activate cookie consent management by contacting customer support with this information:

* Your organization domain (Example: `robo-cop`)
* Your registered domain (Example: `developers.robocop.com`)

> Customer support provides you a `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID` for the recently registered vanity domain. This `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID` cannot be transferred to other vanity domains.

Reviewer: Passive voice..
```suggestion
Customer support provides you a `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID` for the recently registered vanity domain. You cannot transfer this `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID` to other vanity domains.
```

Author: Fixed.

=== Register Your Cookie Consent ID

> You must register your `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID`. Use the same token you obtained when you registered your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must register your `COOKIE_CONSENT_ID` by using the same token you obtained when you registered your domain.
```

Author: Fixed.
